README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋 I'm Toren

🎓 Computer Science @ Texas A&M University  
💳 2x Previous SWE Intern @ Capital One  
🧑‍🏫 Workshop Officer @ [Aggie Data Science Club](https://www.linkedin.com/company/aggiedatascience)  

## 📚 About Me

- I love building user centric full-stack applications
- At Capital One I developed a semantic search engine for the Call Quality Platform
- At Aggie Data Science Club I help construct workshops to teach to 50+ members on a weekly basis

## ⚙️ Tech Stack

- 💻 Languages: Python, Java, Golang, SQL, Javascript/Typscript, C++
- ⚛️ Frameworks: Java Spring, Django, React, Next.js, Node.js, FastAPI
- 🗄️ Databases: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MySQL
- ☁️ Cloud: AWS, Github

## 🌱 Outside Class

- Hackathon Enthusiast (🏆 2x Winner | 7+ hackathons attended)
- Avid 🏀 Basketball / ⚽ Soccer Player

## Some HIGHLIGHT Projects

⭐ <a href="https://github.com/Venler34/CompetitionWebsite/tree/main">Aggie Data Science Leaderboard Website</a>  
⏰ <a href="https://github.com/Venler34/TAMU-Assignment-Tracker-aka-TAMUDues">TAMU Due Date Tracker</a>  
✈️ <a href="https://devpost.com/software/afinda">American Airlines Hackathon Winning Project</a>

##
Reach me at [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/torenlong/) | torenlong@tamu.edu

<!--
**Venler34/venler34** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with current project

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋 I'm Toren

🎓 Computer Science @ Texas A&M University  
💳 2x Previous SWE Intern @ Capital One  
🧑‍🏫 Workshop Officer @ [Aggie Data Science Club](https://www.linkedin.com/company/aggiedatascience)  

## 📚 About Me

- I love building user centric full-stack applications
- At Capital One I developed a semantic search engine for the Call Quality Platform
- At Aggie Data Science Club I help construct workshops to teach to 50+ members on a weekly basis

## ⚙️ Tech Stack

- 💻 Languages: Python, Java, Golang, SQL, Javascript/Typscript, C++
- ⚛️ Frameworks: Java Spring, Django, React, Next.js, Node.js, FastAPI
- 🗄️ Databases: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MySQL
- ☁️ Cloud: AWS, Github

## 🌱 Outside Class

- Hackathon Enthusiast (🏆 2x Winner | 7+ hackathons attended)
- Avid 🏀 Basketball / ⚽ Soccer Player

## Some HIGHLIGHT Projects

⭐ <a href="https://github.com/Venler34/CompetitionWebsite/tree/main">Aggie Data Science Leaderboard Website</a>  
⏰ <a href="https://github.com/Venler34/TAMU-Assignment-Tracker-aka-TAMUDues">TAMU Due Date Tracker</a>  
✈️ <a href="https://devpost.com/software/afinda">American Airlines Hackathon Winning Project</a>

## Current Project

As a basketball player, I was interested in building software that could track the number of shots I can make. This way I can get metrics on statistics when shooting from different shots on the court. This way I can learn what I need to work on.  

Currently working on model to predict number of shots made using transfer learning, here's a demo of what I got so far. I'm hoping to get this model to work with any basketball and any court.

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
  <source src="basketball_demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

##
Reach me at [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/torenlong/) | torenlong@tamu.edu

<!--
**Venler34/venler34** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
